Hello World! 

Let me tell you my history...

When I was young I didn't know what I wanted to study, I just knew that I wanted to learn about many different things in life, so I decided to study Psychology. What a great idea, right? Learn about the human brain to understand yourself before learning anything else. When I was in the last year of my studies I decided to focus on the field of research where I found a small niche of knowledge that caught my attention, Psychophysics!, a branch of the human mind capable of giving explanations about the functioning of perception and the representation we have of reality.

It was because of this concern and desire for knowledge that I actually decided to pursue a master's degree in Biophysics to complement my training and embark on a doctorate, however, I was unable to obtain a scholarship to finance my project. After this setback in my path, I decided to land my feet on the ground and try with an intership on the human resources field, my goal was simple: get my first work experience. I would say that this was my biggest mistake and success at the same time since I discovered how much I hated doing some random paperwork ad infinitum and I was encouraged enough to make the leap to a totally different field which I had no previous knowledge, the world of Big Data!.

I started to take online courses and learned by myself how to program in just a few months, shortly after I did a master's degree on Data Science at the same time that I got a intership to work in an Advanced Analytics department. This gave me the opportunity to acquire the experience and knowledge that would allow me to develop as a professional and as a person. Finally, I found a field that requires constant training and the ability to face new challenges on a daily basis, which is precisely the flame that lit the initial fuse of my search for knowledge.
